README.md, before:

# ARfolio

### Implementing Augmented Reality-Enabled Portfolio Cards

## Technology Stack :

(MERN Stack)

- MongoDB
- Express JS
- React JS
- Node JS
- A-Frame
- Other - MUI Components

<br>

## Links :

<!---- [Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Uihue3btj9WNQ96Sz4uLQ1Gx67j_DLyu/view?usp=sharing) --->
- [Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MwVg9wXSHqgOFq7cVhM5M97C4Mw7v4bG/view?usp=sharing)
- [Postman Documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/21404145/2sA3JFBjUb)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/shinyZu/ARfolio)
- [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KFrSoYdCnJ3q23LKjXwVpmJlqc38-HRCibkgut4OM8U/edit?usp=sharing)


<br>

## Screenshots :

Login Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/1.png">

Registration Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/2.png">

Home Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/3.png">

Basic Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/4.png">

Education Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/5.png">

Work Experience Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/6.png">

Project Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/7.png">

Important Links
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/8.png">

QR Code Preview Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/9.png">

AR-enabled Portfolio
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/10.png">

Commit message:

Update README.md with a detailed description

README.md, after:

# ARfolio - AR-enabled Portfolio Cards

<br>

#### Description
ARfolio is my final year research project that transforms traditional resumes into interactive AR experiences. Designed for the IT community, ARfolio enables professionals to showcase their qualifications using a WebAR-based portfolio triggered by a multi-functional QR code.

The system includes a web platform for users to manage portfolio content and a WebAR application that launches directly in the browser, eliminating the need for installing third-party AR applications to view the AR content. It supports dynamic updates, allowing users to modify their portfolios without re-sharing the AR-enabled portfolio card. The QR code acts as an AR launcher, marker, and standalone portfolio card, making it highly versatile.

#### Key Highlights

- Dual interface: Web platform (to input portfolio details) + WebAR app (to view the AR portfolio).
- No third-party app needed (app-less AR approach).
- Dynamic portfolio updates in real time.
- Dockerized microservices deployed on AWS EC2.

<br>

## Technology Stack :

(MERN Stack)

- MongoDB
- Express JS
- React JS
- Node JS
- A-Frame
- WebAR
- Docker
- AWS EC2 Instances
- MUI Components

<br>

## Links :

<!---- [Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Uihue3btj9WNQ96Sz4uLQ1Gx67j_DLyu/view?usp=sharing) --->
- [Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MwVg9wXSHqgOFq7cVhM5M97C4Mw7v4bG/view?usp=sharing)
- [Postman Documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/21404145/2sA3JFBjUb)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/shinyZu/ARfolio)
- [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KFrSoYdCnJ3q23LKjXwVpmJlqc38-HRCibkgut4OM8U/edit?usp=sharing)


<br>

## Screenshots :

Login Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/1.png">

Registration Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/2.png">

Home Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/3.png">

Basic Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/4.png">

Education Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/5.png">

Work Experience Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/6.png">

Project Details Form
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/7.png">

Important Links
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/8.png">

QR Code Preview Page
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/9.png">

AR-enabled Portfolio
<img src = "arfolio-frontend/src/assets/images/screenshots/10.png">
